What’s the business’s main product or service?
Who’s the target market?
Who are the main competitors?
What are the unique selling points of the business?
How does the business make money?
What’s the business model?
What’s the history of the business?
Who’s on the management team?
What do they have experience with?
Does the management team have a track record of success?
How much capital does the business need to grow?
How will the additional capital be used?
Is there a clear exit strategy for investors?
What are the risks and uncertainties facing the business?
How has the business performed to date?
What are some potential obstacles to success?
What dilution for current shareholders is expected from the new round of financing?
At what valuation is the business raising money?
Do I understand this valuation and how it was arrived at?
Will I still make money if the business only grows at a rate of x% per year?
What does the business do and what industry is it in?
Does the business have a competitive advantage? If so, what is it?
How much money has the business raised from investors?
How does the business make money?
How much revenue and profit does the business generate?
What’s the business burn rate (i.e., how fast is it spending money)?
How much cash does the business have on hand?
When was the last time the business raised money and at what value?
What are the major milestones the business has achieved to date?
What are the biggest challenges facing the business?
Does the company have any patents or other proprietary technologies?
What would a competitor have to do to replicate the business?
How large is the total addressable market (TAM) for the product or service?
How big can this business realistically become?
What’s the exit strategy for investors (i.e., how and when will they get their money back)?
What’s the business’s growth potential?
What are the risks associated with investing in the business?
How much debt does the business have?
How much equity does the business have?
What are the business’s short-term goals?
What are the business’s long-term goals?
What’s the timeline for achieving these goals?
How much will it cost to achieve these goals?
Does the management team have a track record of success?
What’s the culture of the company?
What are the business’s expenses?
What’s the business’s credit history?
How much inventory does the business have on hand?
What are the business’s accounts receivable and accounts payable balances?
What’s the business’s annual sales volume?
What’s the business’s gross profit margin?
What’s the business’s net profit margin?
How many employees does the business have?
What are the salaries of the business’s key employees?
Does the business own or lease its premises?
What are the terms of the lease?
Does the business have any outstanding lawsuits against it?
Does the business have any patents, trademarks, or copyrights?
Who are the members of the company’s board of directors?
Is there anything else I should know about this investment opportunity?